foreign
a little bit
more questions
and so I volunteered and here's some of
what I've done so far but first My Hope
for tonight is to gather input have
everybody here spread the word on the
survey because we need survey results
and hopefully we can get one involvement
from the community
so first off I reached out to Mark he's
the executive director for the cootie
County Boys and Girls Club
he gave me some homework to do part of
that is the survey that went out and
that's been posted maybe on Facebook
which I don't know
um get a rough budget in transportation
costs and report that back to them and
then they're going the Mark is going to
present to his board members the idea of
a pilot program for a Friday opportunity
for a day camp for boys and girls club
Karen Priest River and once I get the
survey results and a rough budget put
together I'm going to get on their
agenda to present that to them and get
used to microphones in my face
um
if it's a success we could grow this
into summer programs and kids can have a
plethora of things to do if the board if
the board votes no not to help us with a
pilot program Mark said that he would be
willing to assist in some training
programs and give us like a rough
framework of the day camp
now if we do that and you need help
finding an umbrella organization
um
a non-profit who's willing to be a
fiscal sponsor so we can begin
recruiting funds which if we get that
it's a non-profit locally that would be
willing to sponsor us but their mission
has to roughly match what we would be
doing
um
I've also been working with Kerry with
United Way and assisting me in
connecting me with networking
possibilities and possible possible
organizations for sponsorship as well as
grant opportunities and there are a lot
of grant opportunities and I know when I
worked at youth Emergency Services
a lot of the funders that were giving us
money over there wanted to fund
something in Priest River
um
and our hope is also have busing and
Neil do you want to share that really
quick question costs so I was talking
with General Paul at the restaurant
he said
2.88 per mile is what would be used what
does it take to run a bus that's their
either maintenance everything all
included
intersection we have those three there
um
we had estimated costs per Friday on the
blanches out of 161 dollars the North
Main route 200 bucks in the Route 60
to the first Friday so you just do three
buses it's really nice now
and then you know
depending on how many kids are are
interested in needing Transportation
then we
need the power for that
right now
2.87
8 and that money wouldn't come out of
the district funds that money would come
out of the funds that we raised for
whatever group we end up having which
hopefully we get a Boys and Girls Club
some of the things that the boys and
girls club does are education and career
development they have Dropout
intervention I got this off of the
Kootenai County website career panels
and college exploration skills
I have to hold a mic
does she need to hold the mic
okay
um College Bound preparation and then
they also have Healthy Lifestyles health
and fitness groups nutrition gardening
cooking classes self-esteem building
photography dance drama outdoor
recreation and of course Sports we're
hoping to provide breakfast and lunch
and Staffing will be offering positions
to classify staff that want to take on
extra positions on Fridays and um
and also the bus drivers and then
I also was communicating quite a bit
with the Friday friends in Bonners Ferry
which I forgot to tell you
um
they're working through the U of I
extension office and they're willing to
help but they can't blink at us in a
non-profit I was hoping the University
of Idaho could give us that but if we
get a blanket organization to cover us
while we're applying if it's a success
then they're also going to give us
program parameters on what they do with
their kids on Fridays is that a local
group that they've created there yeah
and that's what they did for their yeah
that's what they did for their four day
school week to help the kids on Fridays
um
there's also other possibilities and
some of this has come off of community
input that we've gathered Bearpaw camp
and us has a ropes course and a beach
they also have a transportation bus and
Jason is getting me in contact with the
camp hosts so there's possibilities
there there's churches offering
activities for children Elementary age
reading arts arts and crafts there's
also starting a new daycare
Billy Mullally was supposed to be here
to talk about that he's not here
um he proposed that to city council a
while back and he's got contact
information for starting a new daycare
and um
there's also an Idaho expansion Grant
now this this cycle is timed out but
um the gal that I was talking to is
requesting more funds and there might be
like Beyond daycare or a current an
existing daycare can apply for a grant
hopefully in Spring
um and then also working on snack bags
to give kids to take home for the
weekend and that is what I've been up to
and I'm really hoping that other people
have
ideas we didn't get the food on the
agenda either
the cooking at the during the Friday
things oh
for temporary start it would and it
would just depend on facility use
the boys and girls club would have the
liability
no
where'd he go there he is okay Billy I
didn't see you
or did you just sneaking they gave me a
microphone
about the daycare
sorry Billy
about information for the daycare that
you propose to city council a long time
ago okay I think it's to get on the
record just for the recording it's not
to amplify it within the room it's so
they can hear us on the recording okay
so I when I okay
a year ago I got involved with a daycare
center
um for state of Idaho I want to get one
here in Priest River uh my goal
and I guess I'll just let out how my
goal was to have the city of Priest
River run their own daycare center
so I went and designed one had it all
planned out I talked to the ladies down
in Boise post or on Coeur d'Alene and
there there's grant money for it there's
all sorts of support to help build it
uh my biggest issue was city council
said they don't want it so now it's
another Avenue but there's still money
funded for it um the plans are still
drawn I still had the plans drawn
um just need a place to put it and build
it
and right now
um I'm just gonna throw it out there
it'd be right around for what I designed
because the way I designed it because
that's what we do at my office
we're looking at probably
a 20 million dollar building
but yes ma'am
um
so
I didn't bring it up into a meeting I
just mentioned it outside a meeting and
the comments were
we don't want to be babysitters
that's a liability to the city
um but my goal was uh
my goal was that we would hide the city
would hire people and so if you work at
let's say let's say Steve has a daycare
center because the other okay and Steve
Payson
but
Steve has
um
people working there at 25 bucks an hour
okay that's what they're getting paid
that's what he's that's what he pays
them the city on the other hand could
pay them 20 bucks an hour plus they get
benefits retirement Health all that
stuff so
to me it was a win-win situation and
mine was going to be a 24-hour daycare
center because there's people that work
graveyard people work different shifts
and they have to find some way to do it
and so that's what my plan was I still
have it all in the works I mean I still
have it all on paper it's all still in
my head
um it's just now
it's trying to find a way to get it
built
and that's
um the lot that I built it on was for
sale at the time and I don't know if it
still is and it's the one and I looked
at it this way it's the one that they uh
right across the city hall there's a
parking lot
it used to be the community garden
so I used that lot as my platform my
footprint and I designed it all out I
mean it's it's all set up to go I mean
about Fact one of my interior ladies is
going to look at it we got the next
let's see if excuse me to see if there's
things in there that she can approve
because I know she she'll she'll improve
a way I mean it takes an interior touch
to make it look right it takes an
electrical touch to make it you know
designed right it takes an architectural
because I'll have the architect look at
it too and my firm does pro bono work so
that was the other reason I was going to
do it too because I can get my firm to
do some
spring work so the drawings themselves
right now it didn't cost anybody
anything because I would just give them
to whoever wanted to do it I mean
they're there they're drawn up
they don't have a stamp on them yet
because I haven't taken it to my firm to
say
because they have to look at them they
have to stamp them
um something like that has to be uh
stamped in engineers
and so I mean I I do I've been doing
this for 25 years I think I've got it
pretty close
but that was my idea for a daycare
center
um
the property is still bacon I know that
but there's other pieces of problems
that we could buy you can't buy it you
cannot have and I don't know how it
happened but
I shouldn't say this I could be wrong
but I believe you are not able to have a
Baker Center next to a state highway
so it has to be in so that was a block
in so it was kind of a variance so
um
that was my idea
well um
right now I could fall down right here
and the school's library
but you're liable for anything it's just
the way people react I mean if you take
a child to a daycare center
the daycare center has insurance
to cover whatever happens
so we the city has insurance I mean as
an individual if I if I could afford it
myself I'd do it myself because at the
retire off of something like that I was
looking at the numbers there's some
numbers that this
even though it costs so much for a child
that was the other thing with being a
government agency we have grants to like
say again I'm gonna pick on Steve
because he's Daniel he could pick on but
so Steve can't afford to have two kids
you can do one but can't do two we have
friends out there that would pay for his
gifts because we're government agents
so those kind of things are out there
that I do not know
well
I haven't unofficially given up yet so
officially unofficially this isn't even
supposed to be out in the open
but a lot of people know that talk to
several people I talked to anion because
um
you can only have a okay to build the
daycare center it's a five by three foot
square per child
and then for infants it's
and I don't I I would not do the same
buddy but it's six babies per employee
now I would never do that
but I mean but that's what the state
says we could do because that's you know
the status they have
but I mean I
I don't know how many babies you would
get in there but you know most people
have their children it's I don't know
seven below right
I don't know
but
just the one I read up and talked about
with the other people it's
it's feasible it could be done it's just
how to get it done and
I mean when I did that when I did the
math because when I do present it to the
city because I'm not done yet because it
was just outside of meetings it wasn't
ever on an agenda so it's not it's not a
dead horse
um I will have the structure I'll have
the payment plan
um the way I designed it if we get if
every
child is in that building 24 hours a day
it's sixty thousand dollars a month
so that six thousand dollars a month
that they would have to put into that
building that wages and such that's why
I say it's it's it's a to me it was a
win-win situation we would be employing
more people
um and we'd be helping out the community
but that's just an idea and if it
doesn't fly like I said I'm not done
with it I'll find another name
because we don't have
uh
I don't know if you guys keep up with
stuff but there's been a proposal of 300
and
I think it was 96 homes being built the
Priest River
I mean we've got
developments out at the East Side Up on
the up on boarding Canyon up on the
North side to the redevelopments up
there so there's houses being built so
people are going to move here we only
have
one and a half day cares
something like that because I know
there's one on there's one on 57 and
then Ambience and that's the only one
that I know in this town
and I know that people are trying to get
their kids set somewhere I mean
I I know that because my
my little cousin when she got pregnant
she put her list on her name on a list
and her baby's two years old now she's
79.
the other storybook College daycare
behind the Burger King and all
10 House of Lord Christian church has a
daycare okay
so
but that's where that's at
my husband talked about that exactly
thank you we're good I put your name on
here
[Laughter]
um
there's also another program I'm working
on with the library for teen programming
that's set to start this summer two days
a week and if it's a success the library
wants to see that continue which is also
a possibility for Fridays it would be
for 13 to 18 and be Hands-On staff
cooking gardening
um
video gaming apparently that's popular
um and then other ideas that people have
brought forward
is
tutoring opportunities so maybe some
people think that'd be a good idea for
seniors and Leadership people to
take over the cafes and have volunteer
hours help kids with their homework stem
projects science camp
um scavenger hunts
seasonal outdoor group snowshoeing
hiking skiing mushroom picking
and these are just these are just
Community ideas if anybody has any ideas
or if anybody wants to help me it would
be great to have some help with some of
this
anybody have any comments
well my dream before the four day was to
have a teen drop-in center with all the
resources and fun atmosphere but with
the Friday activity if we bring in a
boys and girls club we could start out
in the school get the funding if it's a
success then we could
build our own place and have stuff for K
through 12 and all through the summer
they'd have I mean what do the kids do
now they go to parties and cause trouble
and they need something to do in the
summertime and it would give a lot of
college readiness stuff volunteer hours
it would give arts and crafts for little
kids there would be a lot of things that
our town really needs it
uh from what I'm hearing you say
it's a it's a building for people to
meet a community type stuff
it would be a kids club
yeah
we want to have baseball diamonds so we
can have tournaments there and on a
clock well I mean there's another idea
I mean
I mean there's one there's one other
things
it's just easier for people to
understand and they've got some
Dependable how many times we've all done
especially with the baseball diamond on
the back side but that we're already
established in there so just thinking
forward future working that's a way that
helps out
yeah
so how far have you dug into the boys
there's 10 steps
there are 10 10 steps to a boys and
girls club now
[Music]
um
every Friday
another
um
so to understand just clearly you need a
501c3 to start this idea
midnight
so to start at 501c3 it can be any iOS
1c3 that is comparable to what your
admission is
a lot of large music programs that
generally have a 501c3 to fund itself
um to start it you have to have your
bylaws and your president's secretary
treasurer and all that
um generally speak it's about five
people to start
you just have to have them meet four
times a year and um publish I think in
certain uh certain circumstances
start that so we can start getting the
funds coming in because we don't really
have a lot of time right but we could
still apply while we're waiting while
we're blanketed fiscally you're looking
at meeting four times a year to
establish it and this is March so you
would want to try to figure it out
someone
yeah so
start out in the school
that's willing to willing to be our
fiscal sponsor until we can get covered
yeah
okay thank you
um
I would have to look at
well I would have to look at the
schedule I have no idea how that would
work first first I need to know if
they're even gonna go through with it
and if they're not going to go through
with it then we need to find a blanket
organization because
the Friday friends and the boys and
girls club will help us create the
program
if we have the blanket if if their board
denies us which I don't I don't think
they're gonna deny us because Post Falls
is also moving to a four day and they're
looking at a pilot program and Mark just
seems pretty excited about the program
so I think if we can get enough interest
from a survey which is why the survey
went out is because he sent me with that
homework to see what kind of Interest it
would be he doesn't want to put the
effort if nobody's going to be there so
I tried starting a board to fund the
music programs in January this year and
I sent out a sorry I uh I sent out an
email asking the music parents which is
not too many I didn't get any response
because I think they're just
tasked with too much but if we had it to
a greater Community I think the idea
would actually come to fruition I just I
think we need like five people at the
end of it take a year right okay
um I started a 501c3 at the University
of Idaho for an on-campus living group
and the paperwork is 27 pages long by
the time you turn that puppy in it was
500 pages of you know questions you had
to answer
and then then you send it out to it well
ours was because we were
well the bylaws are different but then
you have this other you have to do the
bylaws first and then when you do your
501c3 has to go through the IRS to pay
paperwork is 27 Pages we had somebody
from the legal aid clinic helping us
write all the paperwork so it's a very
long process starting with 501c3 so you
really have to have an umbrella
Organization for the first year this is
the year that we see how it works we put
it together and then the answer the
long-range plan
um you build that long-range plan over
the next year because you're going to
have to see how it works for this
particular Community what works in Coeur
d'Alene isn't going to work up here
because it's a different demographic and
you've got a lot of different things
you're looking at so you have to do it
to cater it towards the specific needs
of this community so I'm not sure you
can completely answer the long-range
goal until you've been at it for six
months maybe a year maybe I could be
wrong
but it's a good idea to start
yeah
another idea is if we we have all these
programs for music here Orchestra
Drumline they just don't have funding
right and so that's why I endeavored in
it and saying oh I know we have to get
funds and this district is you know
strapped so I took it upon myself to go
about it I just I think it would go hand
in hand with what you're doing
because it would support my programs
which are going very well but we've
started with 59 students we have 97 now
yeah so it would help them continue we
don't have pianos we need pianos I have
students that are doubled up we rotate
off of the pianos that we have the drums
we have four of them and we have many
students that just need those programs
uh funded as well so we can fund that
one
and the boys and girls club hand in hand
so we could work on that together and
another thing for the bylaws
um United Way has
sent out a big group email to everybody
that she knows in the northern region
and
I think she's hooked me up with so many
people I think I can help get help with
the bylaws from the Sandpoint teen
center
um
Luther Haven there's a big list here
I don't think that'll be too difficult I
have a question first of all Liz it's
nice to put a name to the face so I'm
Susie lucky
um I was wondering what would the
requirements of the umbrella
organization be if you did get one to
say yes
they have to be a fiscal sponsorship so
the money has to go through them
I don't know all of the details on that
but
and I do know that their mission has to
closely align with what we're doing it
can't be something completely different
but I think all the money has to go
through them until we get our own tax
exemption
so when you're asking an organization to
do that I'm just thinking
um of a number of them that I belong to
that are the 501 3C and it is a long
process to apply
would that organization then that would
increase their workload if they would
have to be taking care of all the
financial part of it
how that would work but I'll find out
and get back to you on that I don't know
why we couldn't help with that but it
would have to be with them typically I'm
just thinking of the organizations that
I belong to
um typically they're pretty tight on
the bookkeeping aspect just because you
do have to report
um
so much so that would be good to I think
have that all that information so when
you're asking organizations to be that
umbrella they might be more apt to do it
if they know clearly what I'll dig in
and find out what details about that
hold on
I got an email from a lady named Katie
from down in Boise and she was talking
to me about somebody in Priest River
acquired about a daycare center and how
to go about doing it so was it somebody
that's here tonight so I could
[Laughter]
20 bucks
no because somebody did and I told
actually I thought it was Liz because
she was talking about with me too but so
somebody out here in Priest River has
actually already got a hold of down
south to find out what it takes to get a
daycare center going
so I don't know who that was she
couldn't remember the name and I
no I've been working with her so it
wasn't me but that's why she asked
very much
I apologize I've been jumping in and out
but I so I if I've missed this let me
know
um what I'm concerned about are the
outlying areas I see this as priest
rivercentric and that concerns me
because there are students that aren't
going to come down here so really
looking at if you're going to do Fridays
or we're going to do Fridays is how do
we take it out to Blanchard the
community centered out there how do we
take it up to Priest Lake how do we even
maybe take it out to Bay or Laclede
because a lot of students aren't
necessarily I mean
just give you a sense is to come here it
is shorter to go to standpoint than it
is to some places in this district and
because we're 780 square miles
we are looking
[Music]
in simple information it's 288 2.88
cents per mile
per per boss so depending on how many
kids need Transportation then we would
just multiply that out and then multiply
that out by every Friday of the year and
right now we're just basing it off the
survey I don't know who would need
Transportation but that wouldn't come
out of the district money that would
come out of whatever money that we raise
for our club would be paying our buses
or the the school district's buses for
transportation for the kids that need
you know
and then
right so what what we did I just did
some quick numbers if we if we had a
central pickup location in Blanchard
um that would cost 161 dollars for one
bus
per day
so that is that is actually
one trip so so that's a good point all I
did was one trip so
so yes
yes two trips per day would double that
number that's correct good point
um Nordman 201 dollars one more
uh no uh yes to get the kids in would be
201 and then to get them back would be
another 201 dollars
well we could but I don't know how cool
that would be
so yeah when I was putting those numbers
together I figured you know until we
know more numbers of how many kids would
need transported I just picked up a few
Central locations up at the lake and
then Blanchard and then the Edgemere
slash Spirit Lake cut off intersection
thank you
so Transportation what about feeding why
they're here breakfast and lunch so that
will be provided would it be a part of
like a parent pay XML kind of like a day
so with boys and girls club they do
charge ten dollars a day for parents
that can but they have a scholarship
account for kids that can't Okay so
there's that but they provide breakfast
and lunch for the full day
and then we have church volunteers too
Vicki left but there's volunteers with
the churches that said that they'd be
willing to come in and cook lunches on
Fridays and I can talk about I can talk
about that for a second too because I
talked with Vicki she's the one who gave
me the information is is there's at
least two churches and the Good Fellows
who are willing to support
um food because there's a couple
research that have food banks and the
Goodfellows can provide money to buy
food and then whichever school we use we
use that cafeteria
um so that kids can come in and out all
day and
uh they'd be able to get fed just like
they would if they were here on any
Friday so if they come they're here for
the day just like they would be
if they were at regular schools and
food would be included because churches
would be helping and we'd need community
members who'd be willing to come in and
cook and prepare the lunches and do
those things as well
um
so and tutoring and mentoring is
definitely a huge part of it so I have
to stick that piece in yeah
so
correct somebody can correct me if I'm
mistaken on this because mistakes can be
correct but wrong can't
so I was told that
if I have kids in the school and I'm
working
seven out you know I got my 40 hour day
job in but I get laid off so my income
comes down
that I need to report that to the school
so then my kids can be on a lower
uh price or even come into the free
So and I've talked to several people
that are out of jobs and they didn't
know that so how do we get that out
there to let people know that because I
was told also that if that does come in
that the summer free lunch program would
be coming back or something like that
because we have so many in need
to answer that if the family's income
changes throughout the year there at the
beginning of the school year parents are
given forms to fill out to apply for
either reduce or free to see if they're
eligible for a reducer-free breakfast
and lunch and if their income changes
anytime during the year then they can
fill the form out and turn it submit it
and the form is I believe on the
district website
um I can speak to myself I sent out the
application again at semester with
report cards
um but I don't I don't know if everybody
else says but and then it does
um
the number of families that we have
gives us our free and reduced count and
that is what the federal government uses
to determine Title One funding for our
district as well as then getting the
free lunches and things here and it also
affects our
internet line I can't think of the name
that it's called but the rate the e-rate
yeah
thank you
and just to carry on with that so
there's no charge to the students for
lunch here
on the Friday thing on the Friday thing
no okay
okay it would just be provided
who had the question
so then
um is the janitorial staff been going to
be responsible on Friday to clean up
afterwards or do you hire somebody to
come in and do that
well my idea is that we would be
cleaning up our own messes on Friday
I know we touched on this a little bit
but just to clarify are there any costs
to the school district
with kind of our initial ideas for
budding
I think the cost for the school district
would be having the utilities on and I
emailed Steffy about
what approximate that would be my my
goal is to not have any money come out
of the district my goal is to have a
non-profit coverage and be able to raise
the funds which there are a lot of funds
for rural areas I don't see why we
wouldn't be able to do that if we get
coverage and be able to just fully fund
ourselves and then move into our own
building hopefully
so and maybe I missed this because I was
out earlier are you thinking that you
would run this program in a school on
Friday and then my next question would
be would you be using the classroom
or thinking about that or where would
you house the children and because I'm
guessing
um
that staff normal many staff work
Saturdays
in the classroom and I would anticipate
even though that um certified will be
required to work one Friday a month
that many staff will work on Fridays
their unpaid day to get ready for the
week
so just wondering how that if what your
thoughts were I'm using the school
I have no idea okay so just
all of that is being mulled over at the
moment
we would have to just plan for what we
have I have no idea what that looks like
right now
I don't know I guess I don't know that
I'll have to find out I think it's ten
dollars per kid but there is scholarship
for those that can't afford it just
wondering
I think it's per kid
again might have been answered but I'm
assuming that you're opening this up to
potentially homeschool families as well
as everyone okay sorry again I kept
jumping on them that question had not
been asked yet
so it's basically anyone who lives in
the West Bonner County School District
you have kids whether they're in the
public school private school or home
school they can be part of the program
correct
not younger than kindergarten
yeah spoilage okay yep
[Music]
no I think the idea though is just not
have toddlers running around
no diapers
eight to four
and kids can be dropped off at 10 and
picked up at one it just depends on the
parent's schedule but eight to four
would be the the time
I have another one um you may have
addressed this but what if about kids
that have special needs I mean we do
have special needs and and I'm just
wondering
um how were you thinking of handling
those
so I'm hoping that some classified staff
Mona may want to work I don't know how
the Boys and Girls Club
goes about it but I know when I worked
for a SL start in the Lakeland School
District I was a contract worker so I
wouldn't mind helping kids that want to
be a part of that and getting a contract
so they have like a para or habilitative
intervention Specialists to come in and
work with them
which would be Medicaid paid for
so coming into this community as a new
person here I one of the things that I
was really surprised at is we have that
beautiful Community Center and we don't
have a facility for our youth sports and
so I don't know if there's some way to
confine Our Youth Sports and this
program and have the fields and have the
things like that and to where we could
have a nice place because it's hard
sometimes to schedule in our gym I
really try to
support our youth sports and making sure
and worked with the high school about
making sure we have time in our gym for
our little kids and making sure that
they're not practicing late and that
kind of thing and and we've come to a
really good agreement but it would be
really nice if there was some place that
our kids could practice and have a fee
you know like Coeur d'Alene you drive by
those really nice fields and I just was
surprised that we didn't have that we
have beautiful libraries in you know in
in northern Idaho it just kind of
surprised me that we didn't have that
here so that could be maybe someone that
we could work with because I know most
of them are 501 3cs
so I don't yeah okay that's a good idea
I don't see why we can't make it a whole
Community thing like what Annie was
saying were
it appeals to everybody families that
want to go do something and then we just
have the Friday tomorrow reserved for
the the fifth day and then summer
activities yeah
yeah
so
um the city has acquired Jocelyn park
down here
and it's going to be a few years for him
this stuff happens but they have
designed baseball fields I think there
was a soccer field if I remember right
and they had a building down there for
uh community events so that's something
that's you know it's down the road but
it is something that the city has on a
plan and also they're now surveying
property uh Down By The Columbia Bank
because
um I can't remember his name going uh
and it was he donated a building it's a
huge building and they thought about
when they re restructured down in that
area that it would be a gymnasium for
basketball and such
so that is actually something
believe it or not the city is looking
into
so
I have a question
would the city be rolling to back
something like this up
I I just know what we have on the planet
I don't know what
I don't think the city can get involved
in something like this because it's a
government agent a government agent so I
don't think we can get involved I'm here
as as uh as a community member I'm not
here to present representing the city or
nothing I'm here it's just Billy
Mullally that's it
so I would you'd have to take it in
front of the council and then they would
um vote on it or discuss it or however
it would work
it just came to my P brain so I thought
I'd ask it any other questions
requesting this
were a space
is there a new property anywhere in the
city
that might be utilized
an empty building
there's a lot of those they need work
thank you
um
[Laughter]
strip mall
a building that says
by Vicky Rays Vicky raise and then it's
like comes the swim yeah okay okay
he raised shopping mall
where the apartments
next to that or or across
butter sauce
thank you exactly yeah
yeah over there
so that survey is that for the boys and
girls club is that to figure out what
the numbers would be like
the number of Interest
who's interested in utilizing it if it's
brought here because that kind of
depicted how big of a building we would
need or do we even need that big
building
I think
there's a copy here if anyone needs it
okay if anyone needs a hand
on the Facebook page right
see someone else thinks you're talking
to
them it is on the Facebook page it's on
I mean I think it's on the district's
Facebook page
yeah
and it went out on the 23rd I think of
February
and do you have any idea what number
like boys and girls club would be
looking at to be interested I know that
he wants to see at least 50 or 60 to
even propose it and we're at 80 now I
have I have 40 yeses and 42 movies right
now but still the higher that is
so we need a lot more people to fill out
that survey
if you know of somebody who wants to
fill out the paper copy we have paper
copies
it is on the district's Facebook page
was is it on the district website or do
we know
I don't think it is I think it's on the
district's Facebook page
so and it's been emailed to all the
staff all the parents
I believe
staff okay that's okay that was just
parents so
okay okay
so
the more people that fill out that
the easier it's going to be for the boys
and girls club to make a decision on
whether they can bring the program in if
they only have 200 people who fill out
the survey and that you know how big
Priest River is they're gonna like well
it doesn't look like there are many
people in the area really want it so we
need it by Friday
no pressure just get it the word out
I think this
I don't know because the last time I
heard was Monday and it was 114. that
was Monday and I don't know what's
happened total response is 114.
I think we're gonna need
I think we should have at least 50 or 60
yeses I would like to have a hundred
yeah I think 100 yes be overwhelmed with
the opportunity in our little community
I think it was the 23rd
and it closes on the 10th and the only
reason extend it
if anybody
as we know it takes a while to get the
information around yeah
um and I think if we're going to you
know promote it or you want responses
back and you want it across
um it would be good to and not
everybody's on Facebook
um so I think it's important Facebook
did I say Facebook
um but I don't think everybody's on
there so I think if it could be out in
the papers at least to let them know
either a link or just say you know if
you're interested contact such and such
for the survey
just again you know trying to be
give people time to respond I know
you're under a deadline but I also think
that it'd be good to accept information
now
yeah I think that would be it is I would
you know I almost would do it to the end
of the month I know that's long
but just try to get the word out through
different venues
um that would be helpful
[Music]
just some feedback I had a parent ask me
where this survey came from
because it's not always clear when it
comes out in the district it looks like
a a red circle and says no
and so many people think it's spam
and so I don't know if Brenna can send
it out again and with a different
something so it doesn't look like that
just from the district the other thing
is where does this survey go it's a
Google form is that correct
when the survey comes out it is a Google
form
I'm hoping Brenda's gonna give me and
who who gets that feedback uh because I
had a parent say I don't know where this
is coming from and if it's not going to
a district in play I do not want my
physical address out there and I didn't
know the answer so I said yeah I said
well fill it out without your physical
address and they said you can't because
it's asterisk and it won't let you
submit if you don't fill out physical
address and it would only ping the
letters it wouldn't ping it would just
ping if it was blank so they could put
well they could yeah yeah so I just
yeah I'm just giving you your you know
feedback that so people might have not
filled that out because a they thought
it was spam uh B they didn't they didn't
know where it was going back to and then
couldn't finish it
I can answer one part of that and I know
the reason that the address and those
things are on there we don't see that it
all goes directly to a specific Office
of the district I don't is it technology
office that goes It goes to Brandon and
then and that is so that when it comes
time to looking at when you have this
many people in Priest Lake who say yes
we have this many people there and
that's the only reason the address is
there so we know what how many buses so
you have to know how many buses
sometimes it
for that just thinking the question is
do you need would you need
Transportation where are you from you
know I guess people just don't want to
give out their private information
to be honest you know I get that I don't
give out my information
it's probably it's too late to probably
back it off what you could have done is
um you live in the district are you you
know are you Priest Lake Area Laclede
Edgemere Blanchard you know
check the box that pertains because I
mean even like Susie was talking about
um the you know free and reduced lunches
we have people who aren't taking
advantage of that who could because they
don't want their names you know they
don't want them identified so I think
that's something
um you know it's in hindsight one of
those things that we learn along the way
but that probably would have that
probably helped would have helped solve
that problem you still would have gotten
numbers but it would have been a second
survey so that doesn't have to be
answered we can do a second yeah it's
just and do you know are you going to
provide transportation for homeschool
kiddos anybody in the district that
wants to be a part of the Boys and Girls
Club okay and then so something just to
think about or putting your notes is you
better I would encourage you to check on
the insurance of the transportation
pertaining to kids that are not
registered in our district because we
cannot right we can't put any child on
the bus other than the ones who are
registered so on that Friday program
that's just wondering if you're going to
pick up kids that aren't registered in
our district where's what's the
liability or who covers that so are you
going to have to cover that
these are great questions a great
comments
and we're thankful that some principals
and some teachers
and board members here because this is
was a community started thing and we
have to come to you guys to help us
because we don't have all the answers so
thank you very much for your input
anyone else
you don't know anything until you know
numbers so you wouldn't know how many
like staff and then is is that
going to be like a paid staff thing
through the boys and clubs
through whatever club we end up having
yeah and that number will come with
people because I'm sure with the ages
you want to break out like you don't
want the ratio but
I think it goes one to six one to twelve
and then one to 25 for the older yeah
great question
any others
so if anybody wants to help me I guess I
should have handed out my email address
but
um
I think everybody can figure out how to
figure out how to get a hold of me but I
would really like some help and
Community input and if you guys talk to
anybody and know anybody who wants to
help that would be great
um
I guess we'll just utilize Jackie to
disburse information
going forward and then
I can update everybody I don't know
so this I've been doing by myself pretty
um I did recruit these fabulous people
Neil and
Lindsay and Dell to help me with
um
we delegated them yeah I delegated them
because I don't I didn't want to sit up
here
[Laughter]
okay
awesome Lynn right
um and then I can at the next three C's
meeting let everybody know what the Boys
and Girls Club is up to if they put me
on their agenda or if they voted because
I know he said he was going to mention
it to him Wednesday and he sounded
frazzled so I don't know if he realizes
he was mentioning it to him today or
next week so
then the vote I would try to get them to
put me on the agenda for the following
month
for that but if anybody knows umbrella
organizations they want to talk to to
see for any input just in case it's a no
but if anybody wants to start a 501c3 I
know I can help you because I've done it
not sure I want to do it again but I can
[Music]
meetings
no but I can start I can start that I
just haven't had consistent people that
want to be a part of it so I recruited
these people
it's not their passion to do the the
Friday thing I would like some
passionate parents that really want to
get engaged and help me
so you can send me an email and if
enough people have interest we can have
regular meetings
I've just been sitting at my table
but that's it that's all I have and
nobody has any questions
are you saying we're done
thank you all for coming very much
if some people want to help us clean up
that would be absolutely bodacious
foreign
too much